---
layout: post
title: First of many weeks to come
---

### What did I do this past week?
Getting back into the grind of classes! I kid, it's been pretty lax so far. I've been super excited to finally experience a Downing class and it hasn't disappointed so far. We've only gone over Hello World in C++ and learnt some nifty tools that we'll be using in the class, but I've really loved the pace and atmosphere of the class. I've had very limited exposure to Docker in the past, so learning how Docker images work was my biggest takeaway of the week. It's nice to not have to worry about the nitty bitty details of setting up an environment, so I'm definitely relieved on that front. And finally, getting this blog set up with GitHub Pages and Jekyll was a cool learning experience. Shout out to Jekyll Now for making my life easier!

### What's in your way?
In the bigger picture for this semester, I'm a little concerned at having to balance 3 upper division CS classes while finding time to prepare for interviews. It seems like Career Fair is always fast approaching, and I've been better this time with starting my preparation well in advance. I don't want it to reach a point where I'm constantly debating between school work and interview prep, so hopefully I'm better prepared to tackle that challenge this semester. 
In the context of this class, I still have to find time to get acquainted with the list of Developer tools we'll be using over the course of the semester. I'm a huge fan of optimizing and workly smartly, and I firmly believe Developer tools make your life easier in the long run. I certainly expect there to be growing pains as I learn these tools in the initial weeks, but I'm sure the advantages will soon become apparent. 

### What will you do next week?
In the coming week, I expect the grind of classes to finally become apparent. I've been in the honeymoon phase of the semester so far, but after spending 4 semesters here, I know how short that lasts. I fully expect to be spending more time at my desk and less time at friends' apartments, but that's just all part of the drill. In OOP specifically, we should be receiving guidelines for the first project very soon, and I'd like to get an immediate start on that just to get a feel for the projects this semester. I'm super keen to be learning C++ for the first time in this class, so I also expect to be spending some extra time this week just playing around with the language and being ready for those projects. Hopefully between all this, I'll find time to work on a personal project and continue my cardio routine. Also, sleep.


So far, my experience of the class has been a positive one, and I'm still getting used to the fact it's very unlike any class I've taken here so far. UTCS classes so far have preached intense theory or system design, but the practical nature of this class is an interesting and refreshing change. It's great that we're being encouraged to learn tools that have become industry standard, and I think that in itself is a great motivating factor to keep up and get the most out of this class. I've got to admit, the cold calling of names during lecture has made my heart skip a beat a few times, but it's certainly kept me engaged at all times. In the past, I've had a tendancy to lose focus for a few minutes during lecture but that doesn't seem very likely in this class. 

The fine attention to detail in each line of code during lecture is great considering we're mostly new to C++, and I fully believe learning those details is crucial at the foundational stage. Having said that, I do believe that things should go faster in future lectures once we're better acquainted with the language, and I'll hold off my judgement on the pace of the class until later in the semester. All in all, things look great and I'm just looking forward to more of the Downing experience!

### Tip of the week
This past summer, I was interning at Workday in California, and got to work on a full stack project building a bot to provide an easy text-to-command interface on the Workday web app. While I wasn't able to leverage this certain tool in my final project given the company's security constraints, dabbling around with Facebook's [Wit.ai][https://wit.ai] was a cool experience. Natural Langague Processing can seem to have a daunting learning curve for newbies, but bot frameworks like Wit do a great job with providing an easy-to-use interface, while providing powerful results. Users can easily map natural language queries to a pre-existing or custom intent, and variations of the query are implicitly mapped to the same intent.  
I personally didn't get to work extensively with the framework over my internship but I plan to continue exploring its capabilities in my own time. It's super easy to play around with and I highly recommend taking a look at it to power your bot of the future.