---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

### What did I do this past week?
Had a few interviews, finished up the Algo assignment and started studying for the Algo and OOP tests scheduled for next week. School has really ramped up and I think we're all in full mid-semseter form now. Thankfully there wasn't an OOP project due this week, so I had some room to breathe. 

### What's in your way?
The week ahead seems pretty daunting already. I'm not completely up to date with the OOP content so I definitely have to get a head start on studying for this week's exam. I have a presentation in another class this week that shouldn't be too challenging, but it'll definitely require some preparation. Balancing interviews with midterms this week is definitely going to my biggest challenge. 

### What will you do next week?
I have the unlucky misfortune of having both my Algo and OOP midterms on the same day, so I plan to study for the former on the weekend and the latter during the week. I've also got an interview the day before my midterms so I'll just need to balance everything out. It's all par for the course at this point, and I'm just trying to approach it one day at a time. 

This last week in OOP, we learnt about range iterators in C++ and went over some other nifty functions. The lecture content has become a lot easier to follow over the weeks, and I just hope I can retain everything we've gone over well enough for this week's midterm.

### Tip of the week
I don't have any technical tips this week, but here's your friendly reminder to get some good sleep! I know I've been running on low sleep on some days this past week, and there's a noticable difference from when I get 8 hours to anything below that. I'm going to need to convince myself to get 8 hours of sleep every day this week, regardless of how tempting it is to go over that one last question the night before a test. Good luck to everyone, and happy snoozing!