---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

### What did I do this past week?
Finished some last minute registration for classes, and got started on assingments in all my classes. It's always hard to get back into the groove of things at the start of semester, but I think I've gotten over the hump fairly quickly this time. I'm glad I got enrolled into all the classes I needed, as registration seemed like a nightmare at one point.

### What's in your way?
I need to finish Collatz, and my first homework in Programming Languages. Thankfully, my other classes don't have anything due this week so it should be smooth sailing.

### What will you do next week?
I'll get started on the aforementioned assignments, and continue my running routine. I signed for a marathon this upcoming summer, so I'm trying to get in shape starting now. It's in San Francisco, and [here](http://www.thesfmarathon.com) is the link if you're interested! 

### What's my experience of the class?
I've found the class to be pretty similar to Downing's OOP class so far, in that there's been a lot of emphasis on reviewing code samples line by line. I found this to be a very effective methodology for learning C++, and I suppose the intention right now is to get us well acquanited with Python. Having said that, I'm really looking forward to getting acquainted with Flask and AWS/Google Cloud Platform, and I think that a lot of Python code is fairly easy to understand at a glance anyway. All in all, I'm excited to see what's in store in the coming weeks!

### Tip of the week
If you have trouble with getting distracted while working, check out [SelfControl](https://selfcontrolapp.com). You can set a blacklist of websites to block over a duration of your choice, and that's all you need to do! I typically set block durations around 2 to 3 hours, but I like to challenge myself sometimes and try to block for 6 hours or above. I've found this to be a super useful strategy to achieve maximum productivity!