---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week I completed assignments in my Programming Languages and Artificial Intelligence classes, while also managing to consistently go the gym and run outside. On Friday, I spent my evening as we nerds do, by going to the ACM team programming competition. We ended up doing really well, and I'm glad I ended the week on a positive note. Overall, I hope to repeat this level of productivity and extracurricular activity in future weeks.

### What's in your way?
Inertia. This week's SWE midterm will be my first midterm of the semester, and it feels like ages since I last took a test. In the past, I've had the tendency to remain in a state of relaxation until an external force of test pressure is applied, but I'm determined to start my test preperation early in the week this time. Fortunately, I feel pretty confident on the material we've covered, so my preparation should mostly just be a revision rather than long hours of intensive studying.

### What will you do next week?
I'll get started on my preparation for the SWE midterm early in the week, while also balancing several homework assignments in other classes. My first AI midterm is during the following week, so I may try to get a head start in that as well, if time permits. Other than that, I hope to continue going to the gym and training for the marathon this summer.

### What's my experience of the class?
The quizzes have been going a lot better lately, and I've realized that it's super helpful to just skim over the previous lecture's notes the night before class. A lot of what is being taught in class seems like stuff I've already done before, but there's always a few "Aha!" moments that I enjoy in each lecture.

### Tip of the week
I've already alluded to this above, but remind yourself to review the previous lecture's notes before showing up to class. I've been doing much better on the quizzes since I started this habit a few weeks ago, and it's probably going to make my preparation time for this week's midterm a lot shorter as well.
